rpc: Distinguish between vsize and sigop adjusted mempool vsize (#32800)
bitcoin/bitcoin: doc/release-notes-32800.md

- Mempool-related RPCs (`getrawmempool`, `getmempoolentry`, `testmempoolaccept`, `submitpackage`) now

> clarify the difference between BIP-141 virtual size (`vsize_bip141`) and policy-adjusted virtual size

Reviewer: nit: The adjusted beginning is nicer, but would rather bring back the end from 1523e8d6c981efff1394bd1669fbbbea5ff7ac97:
> Additionally, `getrawtransaction` now includes
+a `sigopsize` field and continues to report the unadjusted BIP-141 virtual size in its `vsize` field.

- Mempool RPCs (`getrawmempool`, `getmempoolentry`, `testmempoolaccept`, `submitpackage`)
now include an additional field `vsize_adjusted`, which is the sigop-adjusted virtual size

> used for policy, while `vsize` now shows the raw BIP141 virtual size.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
used for policy, while `vsize` has been changed to contain only the raw BIP141 virtual size.
```

- Mempool RPCs (`getrawmempool`, `getmempoolentry`, `testmempoolaccept`, `submitpackage`)
now include an additional field `vsize_adjusted` (which is the sigop-adjusted virtual size
used for policy) and `vsize_bip141` (which represents the raw BIP141 virtual size).

> While `vsize` is marked as DEPRECATED, user's are advised to use `vsized_bip141` instead.

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
While `vsize` is marked as DEPRECATED, users are advised to use `vsize_bip141` instead.
```

(Edit: maybe this should actually be a bit more conditional like the description I wrote in https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/32800#discussion_r3454810303, it depends on whether the user wants to preserve previous behavior (`vsize_adjusted`) or switch to behavior matching the incorrectly documented old description (`vsize_bip141`)).
